
In honor of HBOMAX choosing not to show 5 episodes of South Park, here's the uncensored lesson the boys learned from episodes 200 & 201
Daily Discussion Post - June 25 | Questions, images, videos, comments, unconfirmed reports, theories, suggestions
Our new moderators and a brief summary of applications.
Spent the last two months exercising, eating well, getting in shape. Sunday was my first organized soccer game in ten years. 35 minutes in and I partially tore my quad. Shit.
The r/TraceAnObject subreddit exists to assist Europol and the FBI by identifying items from child abuse cases. See if you can help.
It's time for a new "This situation" megathread. Includes COVID-19 (and other names), US Stimulus, lockdown/social distancing/etc. And coronavirus.
My friend and I built a curved wall to make 3D paintings. This is our newest piece
IMPORTANT PSA: No, you did not win a gift card.
Discussion Thread: Supreme Court Opinions | June 25, 2020
Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. PHD's Letter From Birmingham Jail, his response to southern religious leaders accusing his protest movement of being too extremist and badly timed.
Ah yes... A Nokia fossil, from in the Myspacian Period.
/r/Gifs rules: Please read before submitting or commenting
What's a food most people hate that you actually like?
Big brain moment
This bathroom hand washing area with mirrors in the shape of sunglasses.
What’s the most horrifying “how do you not know how to do this?” moment you’ve experienced with another person whilst adulting?
They did everything possible to make sure he was a one term president only, and when he won his second term they became domestic terrorists.
My “Full Sized” Mjolnir arrived. I’m still happy and I refused to let my moment be ruined.
Read this before posting or commenting
Sean Cox celebrating the win!
People of Reddit who knew celebrities before they were famous, how different do they act now?
What is this thing? It perfectly fits in each other and there was some sort of liquid in it
Take your letter and shove it.
Instead of gilding Reddit posts (if City drop points), shall we organise a charity donation drive?
Minneapolis Riots/George Floyd megathread
Subreddit Of The Month [June 2020]: /r/ItalianCrabPropaganda. Know of a small (under 20,000 subscribers) humor-based subreddit that deserves a month in the spotlight? Link it inside!
Black man drinking at white only fountain in 1964.
r/science affirms that Black lives matter. Here’s the science behind why we do, and why we are announcing an upcoming a series of discussion panels with scientists and other experts on race and science
Scientific Studies Looking For Participants
A Response (and A Follow-Up) To The Open Letter To Steve Huffman
I made a site to search SpongeBob episodes and make memes!
TIL The Spanish inquisition actually gave thirty days notice. So actually, everybody expected the Spanish Inquisition
Starting today, YouTube links are not allowed in /r/Oddlysatisfying
Verizon pulling advertising from Facebook and Instagram
What is the most disrespectful shit someone has done to you?
/r/oddlysatisfying is looking to recruit new moderators! Check within for more info
I’m Jen Perelman, the progressive challenger to Debbie Wasserman-Schultz in FL-23. I view congressional representation as a term of public service, not a career. AMA! #votejenbeatdebbie
What is this appliance built into this kitchen island?
PREMIER LEAGUE CHAMPIONS UPVOTE PARTY
Michigan candidate's daughter urges people not to vote for him in viral tweet
Spread the news
Do Americans really need to pay for healthcare in every situation? If you are poor and get shot/stabbed by a stranger is your only two choices crippling debt or death?
PSA: r/banvideogames is a satire sub. Please stop posting stuff from there. You're hurting my soul.
What movies plot completely changes if you throw “sexy” in the title?
Almost 1 in 3 pilots in Pakistan have fake licenses, aviation minister says
This is my freepour Pegasus latte art
What is this thing spotted on a NJ beach? There were three of them next to a bunch of large pipes
TIL when Marlon Brando won an Oscar for The Godfather (1973), he sent Sacheen Littlefeather, an Apache woman, to reject the Oscar because of the treatment of Native Americans by the film industry.
US removes Saudi Arabia from list of worst human traffickers
We will, we will, wash you.
Premier League Champions
It's 2020 and we still can't have 2 bluetooth headphones connected to the same device, why hasn't this ever been solved?
Texas Medical Center (Houston) has officially reached 100% ICU capacity.
Popular Topics Mega-Hub
New Releases on Streaming Official Discussions (Artemis Fowl / Da 5 Bloods / The King of Staten Island / Shirley)
Got a tech question or want to discuss tech? Weekly /r/Technology Tech Support / General Discussion Thread
The clearest footage we have of a blackhole yet
America Didn’t Give Up on Covid-19. Republicans Did.
Join the unofficial RedditMC Minecraft server at mc.redditmc.com
Results: Best of r/IdiotsInCars 2019
Open Letter to Steve Huffman and the Board of Directors of Reddit, Inc– If you believe in standing up to hate and supporting black lives, you need to act
"It is not a blue life, it's a fucking blue shirt"
'Ballet connects dancers in lockdown' by Dutch National Ballet. The song 'Hold On' is co-written by one of my dear friends. Beautiful video - Rick x
Scotland
This is the comment that inspired this sub. This is what we all subscribed to see: eloquently yet brutally spoken takedowns, not Samsung responding to a tweet with a microscope emoji.
Explanation And Other Information About This Sub.
There has been a rise in shitposts. Therefore, I have created r/SharterPacks!
K-pop Friday Free-for-All! - June 26, 2020
What happened in your country this week? — 2020-06-21
Any surface available is a napkin
Rules: Posts must be IAF, No social media screen shots, no text on images, titles must be descriptive, no spam, provide a source if needed, be civil
/r/AdviceAnimals rules: Please read before submitting or commenting
Daily Discussion Thread | Free-Talk and Other Updates - June 26, 2020
These Anti-Maskers from Florida
Moratorium on Coronavirus (Covid-19) posts.
Free Talk Friday!
This is Anthony Borges. He saved the lives of 20 of his Parkland classmates by using his body to keep the shooter from coming in to kill them. In the process, he was shot 5 times.
The Moderators of /r/WholesomeMemes Have Decided To Ban COVID-19 / Coronavirus Memes For The Time Being
This tenant in my building parks a mini version of his car in his parking space when he’s not here
[meta] It's not required, but if you make a new account _just_ to post to Relationship Advice, please start the account with `ThrowRA` in the name of your account. [yes this relaxes the rule a bit. An update on the Updates Rule is in here as well]
Dozens of women have levied sexual assault allegations towards several Twitch streamers, YouTubers, gaming/esports personalities, and gaming industry personnel